Getting Vehicle Data Update (#123)
smartdevicelink/sdl_android_guides: docs/Getting Vehicle Data/index.md

Use the GetVehicleData RPC request to get vehicle data. The HMI level must be FULL, LIMITED, or BACKGROUND in order to get data.

> Each vehicle manufacturer decides which data it will expose. Please check the [PermissionManager](/guides/android/permission-manager/) to find out which data you will have access to in your head unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each vehicle manufacturer decides which data it will expose. Please check the [PermissionManager](/guides/android/permission-manager/) to find out which data types your app currently has access to for the connected head unit.
```

**Then**, you'll be able to observe the new data in the `OnVehicleData` notification: 

```java

> sdlManager.addOnRPCNotificationListener(FunctionID.ON_VEHICLE_DATA, new OnRPCNotificationListener() {

Reviewer: This should be added before the subscribe request now. Since previously the notification would always be sent through the interface callback `IProxyListenerALM`, but now the listener has to be added manually. Therefore, it should be added before the developer tries to subscribe to the updates.

    @Override
    public void onNotified(RPCNotification notification) {
        OnVehicleData onVehicleDataNotification = (OnVehicleData) notification;

>         Log.i("SdlService", "PRNDL status was updated to: " +onVehicleDataNotification.getPrndl());

Reviewer: There should probably be a check if there is actually `Prndl` data or not in the notification.
